
To Be Done (Maybe)

    date ranges, "lastweek", etc.?

    (options for?) break-down by local vs. non-local?, further
    "drill-downs" to sender/recipient domains?

    Separate reports by-domain?  (Would require that pflogsumm write files
    instead of emitting to stdout?  Or maybe that would be an option?)
    Separate options for sender domain and receiver domain?  Or perhaps
    sender address and receiver address regex "filtering" options?

    lower-case domains (Done)

    don't k-ize msg counts?  (Or do so at a higher boundary?) (Done)

    implement proper version numbering (interim version numbering in
    place) (use SCCS or RCS?) (Done)

    add changelog (Done)

    Expand docs (in code?)

    Re-do docs to POD format? (Done)

    Improve UUCP-style bang-path handling

    Add option to use disk-based hash files instead of in-memory so
    processing logfiles with lots of postfix log entries doesn't run
    the machine out of memory?  (This would really whack performance!)
    (Maybe only needed with "-e" option.)

    Add another "step" to integer processing: "g"?  (Display formatting
    will presently mess up at values exceeding 999999m.)

    Internationalization?  Necessary?  There's English-language month
    abbreviations hard-coded in pflogsumm.  I'm admittedly real weak
    in this area. (Covered by ISO 8601 option [below]?)

    Add option to lower-case entire addresses, rather than only the
    domains.  (Or make that the default, and add an option to make
    it just domains?) (The RFCs say username parts shouldn't be
    touched!)  (Done)

    Add percentage-of-total to all (?) reports?

    Add ability to handle compressed files within pflogsumm?
    (Unlikely)

    SMTP logging by host (msgs, connects) (add to new "by-domain"
    reports?)  (Done)

    UUCP logging of some sort?  (At least what is sent to what
    host/gateway.  Since rmail receives incoming, don't know as I
    can do anything there.)

    Option for ISO 8601 standard date & time formats. (Done)

    Option for specifying "host" (for multi-host logfiles)?

    Add POSIX regexp body_checks "bypass" docs to FAQ.  (Liviu Daia,
    Noel Jones)

    Add "helper" program to distribution based on Wolfgang Zeikat's
    MIME::Lite suggestion for the body_checks issue?  (Will want to
    make it read from stdin, securely create tempfile and clean up
    afterward.)

    Expand on SAV reporting? (Len Conrad)

    Add "reject details" on "too many errors after <SMTP command>" log
    lines? (Len Conrad)

